c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\blackjack.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\Background.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\10Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\10Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\10Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\10Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\11Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\11Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\11Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\11Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\12Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\12Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\12Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\12Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\13Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\13Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\13Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\13Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\AceClubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\AceDiamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\1Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\1Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\2Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\2Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\2Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\2Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\3Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\3Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\3Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\3Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\4Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\4Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\4Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\4Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\5Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\5Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\5Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\5Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\6Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\6Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\6Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\6Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\7Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\7Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\7Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\7Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\8Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\8Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\8Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\8Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\9Clubs.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\9Diamonds.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\9Hearts.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\9Spades.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\Blank.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\EndDeck.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\Joker1.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\cards\Deck1\Joker2.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\Icon.png
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\Assets\Images\Icon.ico
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\BlackJack.exe.config
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\BlackJack.exe.manifest
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\BlackJack.application
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\BlackJack.exe
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\bin\Debug\BlackJack.pdb
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\Assets\Images\Images.baml
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\CustomDialog.baml
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\UICharacter.baml
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\CustomDialog.g.cs
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\UICharacter.g.cs
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack_Content.g.cs
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack.g.resources
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack.exe.manifest
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack.application
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack.exe
c:\users\dacorie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BlackJack\BlackJack\obj\Debug\BlackJack.pdb
